Group Project description : The project, Robot waiter service, was carried out by a group of six people under the supervision of Cranfield University and UVRobots. The project's goal was to have the robot transport cooked food and drinks from the kitchen to the table where the meal was placed.The Melodic version of Robotic Operating Software (ROS) was used to simulate the robot. We organised our tasks into specific phases using ROS, such as scanning the entire surroundings using a lidar sensor to create an environment map. The next phase was to upgrade the Uv robots' package for path planning, navigation, and mapping. In this assignment, my responsibility was to create waypoints on each table and a kitchen. The idea behind implementing waypoints was to direct the robot to a certain spot where the meal was supposed to be delivered using the RVIZ AND Gazebo softwares. The PDF in the attachment represents our two and a half month effort in which we successfully operated the robot waiter service.

Individual Thesis description: My thesis, titled "The development of a medical robot for automated ultrasound scan," was completed under the supervision of Cranfield University. The project's goal is to create a robot system capable of doing ultrasonic scans on human patients utilising a robot manipulator in accordance with machine vision. The thesis is separated into two parts: the first is about process simulation, and the second is about using machine vision to recognise landmarks. The simulation results in the files demonstrate the process of automated ultrasonic scan in which it will first go to the location of clicking the image with the help of camera connected at the top of the manipulator's end-effector. The following phase will be an ultrasound scan in the form of a pivotal scan. The folder contains two videos, the first of which displays the path generated and the second of which depicts the ultrasound scan procedure. The next folder contains the results of landmarks produced on the body, in which the robot will recognise the navel as a landmark and execute the ultrasonic scan depicted in the simulation phase. Landmarks were created using machine vision and the bounding box idea.

Project videos description: There are various projects which are related to electronics like prostheitc arm which was part of my internship where i had to develop based on reasearch about the biomedical related topics, 3d design of prosthic and electronics circuit integration of arduino, emg sensor and servo motors. Home automation security was created with the help of various sensors like MQTT SENSOR FOR smoke detection, Ir sensor for fire detection sensor, PIR sensor for motion dtection, lm35 transistor for temperature reading, mlx snesor for body temp check and esp8266 for wifi module to integrate arduino with bylnk mobile application where its show all the readings and notification on any detection. Soft starter for industry application concept was for to control three phase power by using stepdown transformer and delay concept to pass on the voltage in slow steady manner to aviod machine damage. Led moonlight lamp was the trending device in china and due to covid, there was stoppage of distribution into india which led to production of this device using bc556 pnp transistor as a switch,leds and attitiny to control the lamp. Next useful project during covid was automatic snatizer dispensor where we had to provide the prototype of the project to the client for mass production, and this project was based on lm358 which is dual operational amplifier and lth 1550 which is combination of infrared emitting doide and phototransistor. Security metal detector was primary dpended on coil turns and the qality of the coil, similary this project was based on concept of inductance and transistor. Microncontroller based baby incubator using GSM was the part of my diploma final year prject in which 8051 as a microcontroller was used to detect the weight of the baby, temperator and humdity of the incubator.
